Update Quickstart Tutorial documentation for TensorFlow with Flower Next (#3338)
adap/flower: doc/source/tutorial-quickstart-tensorflow.rst

.. _quickstart-tensorflow:

#######################
 Quickstart TensorFlow
#######################

In this tutorial we will learn how to train a Convolutional Neural
Network on CIFAR-10 using the Flower framework and TensorFlow. First of
all, it is recommended to create a virtual environment and run
everything within a :doc:`virtualenv
<contributor-how-to-set-up-a-virtual-env>`.

Let's use `flwr new` to create a complete Flower+TensorFlow project. It
will generate all the files needed to run, by default with the Flower
Simulation Engine, a federation of 10 nodes using `FedAvg
<https://flower.ai/docs/framework/ref-api/flwr.server.strategy.FedAvg.html#flwr.server.strategy.FedAvg>`_.

> The dataset will be partitioned using Flower Dataset's `IidPartitioner

Reviewer: Could we add a link to Flower Datasets home page?

=====================

.. meta::
   :description: Check out this Federated Learning quickstart tutorial for using Flower with TensorFlow to train a MobileNetV2 model on CIFAR-10.

..  youtube:: FGTc2TQq7VM
   :width: 100%

.. admonition:: Disclaimer
    :class: important

    The Quickstart TensorFlow video uses slightly different Flower commands than this tutorial. Please follow the :doc:`Upgrade to Flower Next <how-to-upgrade-to-flower-next>` guide to convert commands shown in the video.

> In this tutorial we will learn how to train a MobileNetV2 model on CIFAR10 using the Flower framework and TensorFlow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we will learn how to train a MobileNetV2 model on CIFAR-10 using the Flower framework and TensorFlow.
```

First of all, it is recommended to create a virtual environment and run everything within a :doc:`virtualenv <contributor-how-to-set-up-a-virtual-env>`.

Before Flower can be imported we have to install it:

.. code-block:: shell

>   $ pip install flwr flwr-datasets[vision]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  $ pip install flwr[simulation] flwr-datasets[vision]
```

Flower Client
-------------

Next, in a file called :code:`client.py`, import Flower, Flower Datasets, and TensorFlow:

.. code-block:: python

>     import flwr as fl

Reviewer 2: We started to drop the `import flwr as fl` convention and started to import the required components directly

    import tensorflow as tf
    from flwr_datasets import FederatedDataset

> We use `Flower Datasets <https://flower.ai/docs/datasets/>`_ to load CIFAR10, a popular colored image classification

Reviewer 2: Let's try to refer to 3rd party libraries/projects consistently
```suggestion
We use `Flower Datasets <https://flower.ai/docs/datasets/>`_ to load CIFAR-10, a popular colored image classification
```

dataset for machine learning. The call to

> :code:`FederatedDataset(dataset="cifar10")` downloads CIFAR10, partitions it, and caches it locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:code:`FederatedDataset(dataset="cifar10")` downloads CIFAR-10, partitions it, and caches it locally.
```

            return loss, len(x_test), {"accuracy": float(accuracy)}

Next, we create a client function that returns instances of :code:`CifarClient` on-demand when called:

.. code-block:: python

    def client_fn(cid: str):
        return CifarClient().to_client()

Finally, we create a :code:`ClientApp()` object that uses this client function:

> 

Reviewer 2: We started to call it `FlowerClient` instead of `CifarClient` in other places

.. code-block:: python

    app = ClientApp(client_fn=client_fn)

That's it for the client. We only have to implement :code:`Client` or
:code:`NumPyClient`, create a :code:`ClientApp`, and pass the client function to it. If we implement a client of type :code:`NumPyClient` we'll need to first call its :code:`to_client()` method.

Flower Server
-------------

For simple workloads, we create a :code:`ServerApp` and leave all the
configuration possibilities at their default values. In a file named
:code:`server.py`, import Flower and create a :code:`ServerApp`:

.. code-block:: python

    from flwr.server import ServerApp

    app = ServerApp()

Train the model, federated!
---------------------------

With both client and server ready, we can now run everything and see federated

> learning in action. First, we run the :code:`flower-superlink` command in one terminal to start the infrastructure. This step only needs to be run once.

Reviewer 2: Before doing that, should we have a short section on local `flwr run` with the simulation engine?

.. admonition:: Note
    :class: note

>     In this example, the :code:`--insecure` command line argument starts Flower without HTTPS and is only used for prototyping. To run with HTTPS, we instead use the argument :code:`--certificates` and pass the paths to the certificates. Please refer to `Flower CLI reference <ref-api-cli.html>`_ for implementation details.

Reviewer 3: We now use --ssl-ca-certfile, --ssl-certfile, and --ssl-keyfile instead of --certificate.

Author: Fixed!
